okay we're gonna make a radial tire for
my sprint car basically we're going to
put this strap inside of this tire put
the clothes
case closed cell foam in it and mount it
to this tire using shoe goo and Krazy
Glue first thing we have to do is turn
the tire inside out and apply crazy glue
all the way around in the middle the
width of the strapping material level
that out the width of the strapping
material now that we have that done we
want to turn that tire inside we're back
to normal again
and put distracting material in it we
want to make sure this drepung material
is firmly to the outside and we want to
make sure that it's actually centered
inside of the tire
okay then we take the closed cell foam
and just go and put it in like you
normally would
stretch the tire out get the phone to
work around we didn't put so much shoe
go as to have it come out so we'll stick
to the phone and we mount the tire in
they're about to tire onto the wheel and
work it around pulling the bead out so
that bead will fit inside yet again
working the phone to make it fit so nice
all the way around now the next thing is
this very important not to play with the
tire anymore and you've got to give the
cuckoo 12 hours just really sit for the
real purpose of this is to keep the tire
stable it keeps the tire from expanding